---
layout: post
title:  "New role: Growth Product Manager @ Funnel"
date:   2024-12-02 10:00:00 +0200
categories: marketing
---


After 2.5 in my previous role as an SEO Strategist, I’m thrilled to share that I’ve transitioned into an exciting new position as **Growth Product Manager** at Funnel!

My time at Funnel so far has been an incredible journey of learning, collaboration, and growth. It’s amazing to reflect on how much I’ve developed professionally and personally, thanks to the incredible teams and projects I’ve been part of.

In my new role, I’m focusing on **customer acquisition** by optimizing our marketing website to be a core driver of growth. This means working at the intersection of **SEO, UX, CRO, and web performance**, running structured growth experiments, and ensuring alignment across teams to improve our CAC Payback Period.

Working with an incredible team of designers, developers, and performance marketers, I’m excited to help transform the web team into a growth powerhouse—delivering measurable impact while aligning with Funnel’s broader growth strategy.

This role feels like the perfect blend of everything I’m passionate about: **growth experimentation, data-driven decision-making, and collaboration across functions** to make things happen. And the best part? I still get to leverage my expertise in SEO while expanding my focus to other areas of the growth funnel.

Looking ahead, I’m excited to take on new challenges and contribute to Funnel’s mission of helping marketing and data teams succeed. The journey has been incredible so far, and I can’t wait to see where this next chapter takes me.
